Add code sample for `annotated_class_clean_coding` (#13)
wangdi4/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md

| Sample                                                                            | Category                                             | Description
|:---                                                                               |:---                                                  |:---

> | [annotated_class_clean_coding](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_class_clean_coding)  | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | How to simplify the coding of annotated_arg class with helper function/class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [annotated_class_clean_coding](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_class_clean_coding)  | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | An Intel® FPGA tutorial demonstrating how to use `annotated_class_util.hpp` to simplify your oneAPI code that annotates properties to `pipe`s and `annotated_arg`

```
just be the same as sample.json :)

> | [annotated_class_clean_coding](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_class_clean_coding)  | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | An Intel® FPGA tutorial demonstrating how to use `annotated_class_util.hpp` to simplify your oneAPI code that annotates properties to `pipe`s and `annotated_arg`

Reviewer 2: demonstrating -> that demonstrates

Author: Removed "An Intel® FPGA tutorial demonstrating" to keep it consistent with other code sample entries
